# Programming-Languages

For Project Three, I was tasked with creating a program that reads a list of products and amounts, which tracks the items purchased. The program would then offer the user the option of searching for a specific item to print the frequency, printing the list of each product with its amount, printing the list of the items as a histogram, and offering the option to exit. The new data is then saved to another file for backup purposes.

I think I did well with a concise code for this project that clearly lays out the function of each line with comments. This will make it easy to edit for other coders in the future, and each file is file is clear in its purpose. I think I could have enhanced my code by further breaking out the functionality of the ItemTracking.cpp file which can be overwhelming if reviewed in full. This would make the code more efficient and readable. 

I found the functionality for sorting the products and outputting the amount of each particularly difficult and struggled to write the code for this function. I overcame this with frequent testing and re-evaluating of my project parameters. I used the helpful tools of W3 Schools and "Sam's Teach Yourself C++" for difficult points of code. I think the overarching organization and process I developed for frequent testing will guide me in future projects and make me a more effective coder. I made the program maintable, readable and adaptable, by using descriptive in-line comments and header comments. I also broke out the functions from the main code which will make it clearer for others who work on this project.
